1.	In this Exercise, you learned how to use if-elif-else statements to run different tasks based on conditions that you define. Now practice that skill by writing a script for a simple travel app using an if-elif-else statement for the following situation: 

●	The script should ask the user where they want to travel. 
●	The user’s input should be checked for 3 different travel destinations that you define. 
●	If the user’s input is one of those 3 destinations, the following statement should be printed: “Enjoy your stay in ______!”
●	If the user’s input is something other than the defined destinations, the following statement should be printed: “Oops, that destination is not currently available.”
	
Write your script here. (Hint: remember what you learned about indents!)

destination = input("Where would you like to travel (Tokyo, Beijing, Paris): ").lower()
if destination == "tokyo":
    print("Enjoy your stay in Tokyo!")
elif destination == "beijing":
    print("Enjoy your stay in Los Angeles!")
elif destination == "paris":
    print("Enjoy your stay in Paris!")
else:
    print("Oops, that destination is not currently available.")

2.	Imagine you’re at a job interview for a Python developer role. The interviewer says “Explain logical operators in Python”. Draft how you would respond.

Logical Operators are or and not. And operator makes sure that two conditions are true. If one of them is false the statement will output false. 
Or operator makes sure that at least one of the conditions is true. If one of the conditions it true the statement will output true, if both are false, false will be outputted. Not operator outputs the opposite of the condition. If the condition is true it will return false.

3.	What are functions in Python? When and why are they useful?
Functions are sets of instructions that process or manipulate your code in order to achieve certain things. They are useful when you do not
want to invent and complicate the code to achieve a certain thing like appending to a list or when you do not want to repeat the same code when
you want to do the same thing in different parts of the code. Functions help the readability of the code and lower the amount of code written.

4.	In the section for Exercise 1 in this Learning Journal, you were asked in question 3 to set some goals for yourself while you complete this course.  In preparation for your next mentor call, make some notes on how you’ve progressed towards your goals so far.

- I would like to learn the difference between making a web application between Javascript and Python are. 
- I would like to create my first python application.
- I see myself starting my solo project that I would like to do with python.

I think I have learned more about python so I have progressed somewhat to the first goal but I still have to get to the application making portion.