1.	Why is file storage important when you’re using Python? What would happen if you didn’t store local files?
If I did not store local files then the data would disappear every time I finished running a script. If I ran the recipe_input.py and then I tried running recipe_search.py I would not be able to use the data from the recipe_input. Instead of typing the data every time we run the script it takes less time to store data and use that stored data.

2.	In this Exercise you learned about the pickling process with the pickle.dump() method. What are pickles? In which situations would you choose to use pickles and why? 
Pickles convert complex data into packaged stream of bytes(pickle) and write them into a binary file which can only be read by a machine. I would choose to use pickles when the data that I am storing is too complex for a text file to hold.

3.	In Python, what function do you use to find out which directory you’re currently in? What if you wanted to change your current working directory?

The os.getcwd() command is used to find out which file directory you’re currently working on in Python. The os.chdir() command lets your Python interpreter change its current working directory.

4.	Imagine you’re working on a Python script and are worried there may be an error in a block of code. How would you approach the situation to prevent the entire script from terminating due to an error?
I would use try-except-else block in which I would try a slice of code, if there is an error an except message will show instead of erroring out. Once the function is successful it will move to the else block and the script will finish.

5.	You’re now more than halfway through Achievement 1! Take a moment to reflect on your learning in the course so far. How is it going? What’s something you’re proud of so far? Is there something you’re struggling with? What do you need more practice with? Feel free to use these notes to guide your next mentor call. 
I think that I would like to work on more with the try-except block in combination with the opening up the file to read and write. Everything is going well.
