1.	In your own words, what is the difference between frontend and backend web development? 
If you were hired to work on backend programming for a web application, what kinds of operations would you be working on?

Frontend development is what the users see when entering the app. The design of the app any clickable buttons, forms, dialogue etc. 
Backend development are the parts that the user does not see. For example a user can input their user information in the front end to login,
but they do not see the data base that holds their information, which is compared to the input, functions that generate a token and any other background 
tools like api's are all backend. If I were a backend developer I would tasked data base creation and maintenance or API creation and maintenance.

2.	Imagine you’re working as a full-stack developer in the near future. Your team is asking for your advice on whether to use JavaScript 
or Python for a project, and you think Python would be the better choice. How would you explain the similarities and differences between the 
two languages to your team? Drawing from what you learned in this Exercise, what reasons would you give to convince your team that Python is the better option? 
(Hint: refer to the Exercise section “The Benefits of Developing with Python”)

I would say that Python has a number of open-source and proprietary packages which fits into any project making it very versatile. Making things like password encryption, 
datetime formatting, JSON formatting a simple ordeal. Python is also very readable for a project with multiple developer and it is kept up to date being
one of the most popular languages with an active community.

3.	Now that you’ve had an introduction to Python, write down 3 goals you have for yourself and your learning during this Achievement. 
You can reflect on the following questions if it helps you. What do you want to learn about Python? What do you want to get out of this Achievement? 
Where or what do you see yourself working on after you complete this Achievement?

I would like to learn the difference between making a web application between Javascript and Python are. I would like to create my first python application.
I see myself starting my solo project that I would like to do with python.
